prime-dotnet-webapi/README.md, before:

# PharmaNet Revisions of Information Managment Enhancements (PRIME) WEBAPI

## Table of Contents

[TOC]

## .NET API

### Installation

If you are developing on Linux, to avoid this error during the Site Registration user story:
```
System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception (13): Permission denied
   at Wkhtmltopdf.NetCore.WkhtmlDriver.Convert(String wkhtmlPath, String switches, String html)
   at Wkhtmltopdf.NetCore.GeneratePdf.GetPDF(String html)
   at Prime.Services.PdfService.Generate(String htmlContent) in /moh-prime/prime-dotnet-webapi/Services/PdfService.cs:line 16
```

make sure you enable execution permissions for `wkhtmltopdf`, i.e. `/moh-prime/prime-dotnet-webapi/Resources/wkhtmltopdf/Linux$ chmod +x wkhtmltopdf`.
If you have already built the binaries, you will need to re-build to include `wkhtmltopdf` with the correct permissions.


## Database (PostgreSQL + .NET Core EF)

### Installation

### Creating Migration

[.Net Core EF Migrations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/migrations/?tabs=dotnet-core-cli)

When you have completed updates to the models and want to create a migration for the database run:

```bash
dotnet ef migrations add <MigrationName>
```

Note: you will have to bring down your api if you are running it in debug mode to run migrations.

### Database Update (Running Migrations)

[.Net Core EF Updates](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/migrations/?tabs=dotnet-core-cli#update-the-database)

To run the migrations in your migration use the update command:

```bash
dotnet ef database update
```

Using the same command, but passing in a target migration you can rollback to a specific migration:

```bash
dotnet ef database update <MigrationName>
```

Note: you will have to bring down your api if you are running it in debug mode to run updates.

### Database Seeding

To seed the database for local development use Postman's runner

#### Example: Seeding New Enrollees 
 
For this example a custom endpoint was not created as only 1500+ enrollees were required, and the status of their enrolment was irrelevant so the `CreateEnrollee` endpoint was used.  For this to work the `CreateEnrollee` endpoint was temporarily updated where the authentication and all the checks were commented out in the controller. 

1. Import the latest JSON from Swagger into Postman by either:
   * Copying it from Swagger at [http://localhost:5000/swagger/index.html](http://localhost:5000/swagger/index.html), or 
   * Using this link [http://localhost:5000/swagger/v1/swagger.json](http://localhost:5000/swagger/v1/swagger.json) 
1. Create a new Runner in Postman, and pull over the `Enrollees` collection from within the `PRIME Web API` Collection that was created from the import
1. Deselect everything but `CreateEnrollee` endpoint
1. View the `CreateEnrollee` endpoint in Postman where the request body will already be prefilled, and make adjustments as needed. For example, `countryCode` and `provinceCode` will not be correct. See the example request body provided.
1. Added environment variables to the body for `userId` and `hpdid`. See the example request body provided.
1. View the `Pre-req` tab in Postman, and add a script to populate the environment variables.  See the example script provided.
1. View the Runner and set the number of iterations, and click `Start Run`

**Example JSON Body**

```json
{
  "enrollee": {
    "userId": "{{userId}}",
    "hpdid": "{{hpdid}}",
    "firstName": "consequat labore",
    "lastName": "dolore in",
    "givenNames": "eu",
    "dateOfBirth": "2008-03-28T20:59:34.677Z",
    "preferredFirstName": "voluptate",
    "preferredMiddleName": "aliqua cillum quis",
    "preferredLastName": "dolor Excepteur cupidatat commodo",
    "physicalAddress": {
      "countryCode": "CA",
      "provinceCode": "BC",
      "street": "consequat ea laboris",
      "street2": "id ut consequat",
      "city": "aliqua Ut",
      "postal": "M4E2B6"
    },
    "mailingAddress": {
      "countryCode": "CA",
      "provinceCode": "BC",
      "street": "adipisicing elit velit pariatur",
      "street2": "dolor",
      "city": "ut culpa",
      "postal": "M4E2B6"
    },
    "verifiedAddress": {
      "countryCode": "CA",
      "provinceCode": "BC",
      "street": "consequat quis fugiat i",
      "street2": "est",
      "city": "enim esse",
      "postal": "M4E2B6"
    },
    "email": "example@example.com",
    "phone": "5234555432",
    "phoneExtension": "123",
    "smsPhone": "5234555432"
  },
  "identificationDocumentGuid": "46d30232-8152-b1aa-c997-34c8b4b05739"
}
```

**Example Pre-req Script**

```js
var uuid = require('uuid');
pm.environment.set('userId', uuid.v4());
pm.environment.set('hpdid', `${Date.now()}555555${Date.now()}`);
```

## Debugging API Container Using vsdbg

- Start the **dotnet-webapi (primeapi)** container using `docker-compose up --build`, or if you're using the VC agent `./manage start`
- In VSCode, navigate to Run and Debug (`Ctrl+Shift+D`), and choose the `.Net Core Attach` option from the dropdown located at top left of VSCode
- Start the Debugger, and choose the `prime` process from the dropdown menu that appears in VSCode
- Add breakpoints to the code and start debugging

Commit message:

PRIME-1822 - Local development secrets / env (#1660)
* prelim

* refactor prime environment

* fix static refs

* rename

* lookups

* refactor slightly

* env

* update

* remove env

* remove

* documentation

* updates

* remove oc_app

* reorder

* fix db connection string

* ignore secrets

prime-dotnet-webapi/README.md, after:

# PharmaNet Revisions of Information Managment Enhancements (PRIME) WEBAPI

## Table of Contents

[TOC]

## .NET API

### Installation

If you are developing on Linux, to avoid this error during the Site Registration user story:
```
System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception (13): Permission denied
   at Wkhtmltopdf.NetCore.WkhtmlDriver.Convert(String wkhtmlPath, String switches, String html)
   at Wkhtmltopdf.NetCore.GeneratePdf.GetPDF(String html)
   at Prime.Services.PdfService.Generate(String htmlContent) in /moh-prime/prime-dotnet-webapi/Services/PdfService.cs:line 16
```

make sure you enable execution permissions for `wkhtmltopdf`, i.e. `/moh-prime/prime-dotnet-webapi/Resources/wkhtmltopdf/Linux$ chmod +x wkhtmltopdf`.
If you have already built the binaries, you will need to re-build to include `wkhtmltopdf` with the correct permissions.

### Local Development Secrets

[ASP.NET Core User Secrets](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets?view=aspnetcore-5.0&tabs=windows)

After aquiring the secrets.json file from the appropriate source, open a terminal in the the prime-dotnet-webapi folder and run
`type .\secrets.json | dotnet user-secrets set` on Windows or
`cat ./secrets.json | dotnet user-secrets set` on macOS / Linux
to set the secrets for local development.
On Windows, they are stored at `%APPDATA%\Microsoft\UserSecrets\<user_secrets_id>\secrets.json`. On macOS / Linux, they are stored at `~/.microsoft/usersecrets/<user_secrets_id>/secrets.json`.

Running the application in Visual Studio Code should be OS agnostic. The local Docker container for the API, however, mounts the secrets file when brought up using `docker-compose`. Since they are stored at a different location for macOS / Linux, review the following lines in the main `docker-compose.yml`:
```yaml
volumes:
  - ./prime-dotnet-webapi/:/app
  - prime-dotnet-webapi-bin:/app/bin
  - prime-dotnet-webapi-obj:/app/obj
  - ${APPDATA}/Microsoft/UserSecrets/2144bc8e-373b-4888-a0ca-b0ff7798bd81:/root/.microsoft/usersecrets/2144bc8e-373b-4888-a0ca-b0ff7798bd81
  # Use the following instead if developing on Mac/Linux:
  # - ${HOME}/.microsoft/usersecrets/2144bc8e-373b-4888-a0ca-b0ff7798bd81:/root/.microsoft/usersecrets/2144bc8e-373b-4888-a0ca-b0ff7798bd81
```

## Database (PostgreSQL + .NET Core EF)

### Installation

### Creating Migration

[.Net Core EF Migrations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/migrations/?tabs=dotnet-core-cli)

When you have completed updates to the models and want to create a migration for the database run:

```bash
dotnet ef migrations add <MigrationName>
```

Note: you will have to bring down your api if you are running it in debug mode to run migrations.

### Database Update (Running Migrations)

[.Net Core EF Updates](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/migrations/?tabs=dotnet-core-cli#update-the-database)

To run the migrations in your migration use the update command:

```bash
dotnet ef database update
```

Using the same command, but passing in a target migration you can rollback to a specific migration:

```bash
dotnet ef database update <MigrationName>
```

Note: you will have to bring down your api if you are running it in debug mode to run updates.

### Database Seeding

To seed the database for local development use Postman's runner

#### Example: Seeding New Enrollees

For this example a custom endpoint was not created as only 1500+ enrollees were required, and the status of their enrolment was irrelevant so the `CreateEnrollee` endpoint was used.  For this to work the `CreateEnrollee` endpoint was temporarily updated where the authentication and all the checks were commented out in the controller.

1. Import the latest JSON from Swagger into Postman by either:
   * Copying it from Swagger at [http://localhost:5000/swagger/index.html](http://localhost:5000/swagger/index.html), or
   * Using this link [http://localhost:5000/swagger/v1/swagger.json](http://localhost:5000/swagger/v1/swagger.json)
1. Create a new Runner in Postman, and pull over the `Enrollees` collection from within the `PRIME Web API` Collection that was created from the import
1. Deselect everything but `CreateEnrollee` endpoint
1. View the `CreateEnrollee` endpoint in Postman where the request body will already be prefilled, and make adjustments as needed. For example, `countryCode` and `provinceCode` will not be correct. See the example request body provided.
1. Added environment variables to the body for `userId` and `hpdid`. See the example request body provided.
1. View the `Pre-req` tab in Postman, and add a script to populate the environment variables.  See the example script provided.
1. View the Runner and set the number of iterations, and click `Start Run`

**Example JSON Body**

```json
{
  "enrollee": {
    "userId": "{{userId}}",
    "hpdid": "{{hpdid}}",
    "firstName": "consequat labore",
    "lastName": "dolore in",
    "givenNames": "eu",
    "dateOfBirth": "2008-03-28T20:59:34.677Z",
    "preferredFirstName": "voluptate",
    "preferredMiddleName": "aliqua cillum quis",
    "preferredLastName": "dolor Excepteur cupidatat commodo",
    "physicalAddress": {
      "countryCode": "CA",
      "provinceCode": "BC",
      "street": "consequat ea laboris",
      "street2": "id ut consequat",
      "city": "aliqua Ut",
      "postal": "M4E2B6"
    },
    "mailingAddress": {
      "countryCode": "CA",
      "provinceCode": "BC",
      "street": "adipisicing elit velit pariatur",
      "street2": "dolor",
      "city": "ut culpa",
      "postal": "M4E2B6"
    },
    "verifiedAddress": {
      "countryCode": "CA",
      "provinceCode": "BC",
      "street": "consequat quis fugiat i",
      "street2": "est",
      "city": "enim esse",
      "postal": "M4E2B6"
    },
    "email": "example@example.com",
    "phone": "5234555432",
    "phoneExtension": "123",
    "smsPhone": "5234555432"
  },
  "identificationDocumentGuid": "46d30232-8152-b1aa-c997-34c8b4b05739"
}
```

**Example Pre-req Script**

```js
var uuid = require('uuid');
pm.environment.set('userId', uuid.v4());
pm.environment.set('hpdid', `${Date.now()}555555${Date.now()}`);
```

## Debugging API Container Using vsdbg

- Start the **dotnet-webapi (primeapi)** container using `docker-compose up --build`, or if you're using the VC agent `./manage start`
- In VSCode, navigate to Run and Debug (`Ctrl+Shift+D`), and choose the `.Net Core Attach` option from the dropdown located at top left of VSCode
- Start the Debugger, and choose the `prime` process from the dropdown menu that appears in VSCode
- Add breakpoints to the code and start debugging
